Let's add some content in the modal so inside of my modal div there.
I actually want to have three sections.
I want to have a header in there which holds a title.
And for now I'll simply have a dummy titled there h1 tag please confirm
below the header here.
I want to have a section
maybe with the I.D. main whatever you want and in there I'll have a slot because I want to be able to
pass the content that is displayed as a message into this modal from outside.
And actually you're of course not limited to passing in Some text here.
You can pass on anything here you can pass on an image buttons form inputs whatever you want.
So I read a service slot here and then below that slot I'll have a number a section and this should
be the section where I have my my button or my two buttons I want to have two buttons in here.
I'll give the section an idea of actions and the first button will be cancel the second button will
be confirm or OK or whatever you want.
And of course you could also create this in a more generic way.
We have to draw a border at some point here.
So I will go for the hard coded buttons here.
You could definitely find a solution where this can be passed in through slots too.
And I will show you how to have different slot parts in your template here in a second we'll see that
later in this module.
So now I have these buttons in here.
Now we can style that a little bit.
I'll select actions with the I.D. selector gift as a border to the top of one pixel solid and a light
grey look let's say if I now reload this.
This is how it looks like.
I definitely want have a different layout here.
I want to distribute all these pieces across the available space.
So for the entire modal here I'll actually set the display to flex using flex box.
And if that's something you don't know attached to this video you'll find some helpful resources for
learning flex box.
It's a way of managing the layout and CSX or managing boxes elements in C as s and distributing them.
I'll set the Flex direction to come here and I said justify content to space between here and this should
ensure that if I now reload does all the buttons are at the end here and now I just want to go to my
actions give us a padding of let's say one REM and also select my actions but elements here and give
them a margin left and right of one return and with that we have our buttons in here.
Actually I want to have that differently when I give them zero dot to five REM two left and right margin
and in my actions here I'll settle this debate display to flex two and I'll set justify content here
to flex and so now I have my buttons here at the bottom.
And now of course you could style these buttons differently for example make the cancel button red or
yellow ish and make your K button green.
I will keep them as they are because I don't want to lose too much time on all that styling.
Me quickly styled that title up there though so the header will add the header selector here and there.
I'll set up padding of one rim just as I have it here for the actions and I'll then also add a header
age 1 selector to select that age 1 tag.
We haven't a header and set the font size to 1 dot to 5 rem maybe.
Let's see.
Yeah.
And now we can pass on any content we want.
Now I will also get rid of that height.
I set up there.
That was only sets temporarily to have some height when we had no content but now it should be as high
as the content we pass in requires this to be and we can pass in any content we want since I have a
slot we can go between the opening and closing tax of our motel and for example add a paragraph and
then add any message we would want to show here with your confirmation you agree to pay the full amount
whatever your app might be showing here and now with this paragraph added between the opening and closing
tag off our model.
If I reload the page we see it here and now again time for some styling.
Let's go back to the model.
Keep in mind that the slot is inside of the main section so all styled as main section here selected
by the I.D. selector Main and give it a padding of 1 Ram 2.
And if you would want to stall the paragraph itself you can use the techniques you learned in the last
lectures with the slot at pseudo selector for example.
Here.
I got no need to do that so I will leave it as it is here.
With that we got a nice looking modal in my opinion.
Let's now ensure that we can also open and close it and we want to open it when there's show details
and confirm and button here is pressed.
So that will be our next task.
And if you have an idea for that definitely try it on your own first.